https://codepen.io/Bend019/pen/XWmVOer?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
    Markup with meaning  
    2. What is HTML used for?
    Building the frame of the website  
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
    Word used inside opening tag 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    It is for the main header, used once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    src and a 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    metadata 
    7. What is an id?
    id is a specific attribute that is used for one tag only 
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
    any element 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page?
    once 
    10. What is a class?
    class is a less specific attribute than id 
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
    any 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page?
    as many as is possible 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    an alternative title 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    with a hashtag
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    section is more specific and div is general 
    17. What is CSS used for?
    giving design and style 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2{
    }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    classes are general id specific, id for a single element, class for manipulating multiple elements at once.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    ."classname"
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    .human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
    it targets a child element inside of a parent. it would be useful when trying to change one child lelement while leaving similar elements alone.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar a{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    added to element to specify a specific state
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
    * 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
     top bar above code
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
    delete<file> no safeguards  
    34. Why should I use version control?
    to make sure you can collaborate and save changes effectively  
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    every major change or 20 min
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
    git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    Fork, add collaborators, clone, create branch, add, commit, push, submit pull request
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    inline means aligned horizontal block takes up its own line and is arranged vertical 
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
     positioned relative to the nearest positioned ancestor
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width?

    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    p h1 ul 
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
    


   --> 